[Music] Let's
see, to summarize it for you, in this video,
in the first few minutes, you see the beginnings
of the Gibel Electra conflict, where
Electra defends him tooth and nail.
Okay, I have to watch 9 great minutes, okay?
YouTube.  Remember, I told you, they told you it
was a matter of minutes.  Come on, come
on, you, you hypocrite,
kid, shut the [ __ ] up, you always
come here talking about people when they're not there
.  Look, and you're a monkey calling
people monkeys and telling them that you
created me, you big idiot.  People
knew me because I had a conflict with
Dallas.  You're a [ __ ] no.  Honestly, the
fact that they're trying to defame
anyone for calling
Messi Berga a pedophile is really
driving me crazy.  I mean, oh, you're
calling people monkeys.  You're just
calling people monkeys.  Okay, look,
over here we have
Laserlem telling Wim Michu that he
was based, okay?  It was
funny throwing bananas at Messi
Berga, okay?  Look, Laserl telling
Winmichu that it was funny throwing
bananas at Messi Berga.  I think that's
calling him a monkey, but of course,
Winmichu did it, okay?  Here Rae is
calling me a Seville monkey, okay?  It's
because I'm from Mexico, it doesn't matter
where I'm from.  If you're a monkey, you're a
monkey, okay?  Yes, I am.  And then we have
Pedo de la Matas, Oscar, for best
director, right?  A [ __ ] scammed monkey,
right?  Here he's drooling while
calling someone else a monkey.  Look, look,
look, look.  A [ __ ] scammed monkey,
right?  Do you see it?  Look, he's drooling when he
calls someone else a monkey.  Look, you [ __ ]
scammed monkey, right?  Let's see the
[ __ ] tweets from
yesterday.  That's a whole live stream of you
calling someone else a monkey, okay?
People follow you because of [ __ ] anime.
What are you coming to say?  Because?  Ray, I
won't allow you to disrespect
Satan, and please, if we're in a
space, avoid insults in general, otherwise we
won't be able to do that space
well, because we're also on YouTube
.  Ah, I can't call you a
hypocrite.  The word hypocrite is forbidden
here in this space,
isn't it?  Ah yes, the word hypocrite is forbidden
here Electra.
The word hypocrite is prohibited.  I mean, they
call us crouching, eh, monkeys
and whatever they want and I
can't tell them, look, you know what?  Look,
look, look.  Support, [ __ ] bush.  Keep
[ __ ] bush, right?  This guy, let
this guy come here and say whatever he wants,
come here and play the
victim.  Him and his uncle Shur and all these
clowns who spend their time saying
that we're cute, that I don't know what.
Racist comments, xenophobic comments.  Come,
invite him more, invite him more to come
every day.  Silly.  We invite you.
Come on, come on bush.  Come on, come on.  And it's going to
rise to the fart of right now.  It was like that,
having people who had nothing because,
look, this girl, Satan did something, he
supported her, why does he start
insulting her like that out of nowhere?  Let's see, I
had a bit of a grudge against Satan before,
but I sincerely stand up. As a
Kibel mod who had to ban Rael for being
annoying, I am a witness to everything lol.  It's a
person who isn't there, no one is
driving.  He's a person who's not
well, an unbalanced person, a
person with his mind completely gone,
and I don't know how he's free, and I don't
know how he's free.  It seems
disproportionate to come here for free without
saying hello, insulting everyone,
and I'm sorry, I don't allow it.  That's it.
Oh, damn it, Satan, get out of my country.  The
third.  Someone tells me the comparison
in calling someone a monkey, a person who
messes with my physique all the time to
calling someone a wife beater that
comparison.  Different, but Ray didn't
tell you that.  It's that you say everything as if we were
all telling you the same thing.  Gibel, that
's your problem.
He told her to hit.  He told her that he hits
the woman.  No, not that, but she just
insulted everyone now
because you answered me with that
[ __ ].
Ah, damn.  Don't you understand that what
makes the damn thing angriest is when you
don't answer the phone, don't you understand?
A person who is not well, man.
Electro bleaching.  Javi
was right again.  A kiss, Georgio.  I saw a
drawing of Tina.  Wait and see if I
can find it.  I saw a drawing of Tina.  I don't know
if I have it open, even what I
believe that I believe that I answered now
that a drawing of Tina that is that is eh
perfect.  Uh mm, it's also
really cool because I love the style it
has, the colors the
drawing has.  I think I mentioned this on Twitter.
Damn, I'm very like, Yeah,
[Music]
Look, come on, they look good too,
I'm telling you, they look nice, I mean,
they would like to look like that, but look at the
Elra holding onto the picture of the guy from
Ryen, right?  Superfan,
[Music]
but I think Elra is a creep,
huh?  But these people aren't
interested in their lawyer, or is it that they don't
have one?  A kiss, Yolanda.  I don't know what
topic you're referring to, Yolí.  A kiss,
gorgeous.  Thank you very much, cara.  without
saying hello.  I think Lestra is a
creep who tries to be on good terms with
everyone, and anyone who even half-
talks to her would more or less manage to talk
to her and be on friendly terms with
her.  I don't know if you can, I don't know if you can
send me Karime, I saw in the group that they
sort of pulled her ears,
right?  I don't know if Karime sent it to me.  I see it
wasn't.  Who sent it to me?
Hit him.  Ah, here it is.  No, look, they
gave the extra a little ear tug.
You like the guys on the talk show, the ones who
have been insulting and
harassing you for years.  Oh.  And someone here tells her,
"The extra is kind of special. At this
point I still believe that I would fall
flat on my face if Javi Oliveira came to make
peace with her. Well, know that.
Thanks. Out. Out of the team now.
Kisses. Elena, how are you? That just
happened right now, you know? No, no,
of course, she insulted him, but she's telling you
that... But I didn't call him a monkey. Aren't you
understanding? I mean, you told me,
he didn't tell you and I didn't call him a monkey.
Why is he getting angry? Ah, the show's over
and he can't say anything anymore, wig. Because
you're messing with his friends. I mean, let's
see, you told me, he didn't call you a
wife beater and I didn't call the guy who
reported Dallas a monkey. Look, Pablo
has contacted the lawyer, Dallas has
contacted the lawyer, they've
politely sent them some emails
saying, "Hey, which court is it that
we're going to for the complaint?"
Okay, I mean, us  They
don't take our complaints, okay?
They try to keep the mail from opening, I don't know what, I do
n't know how much, okay?  But they
don't want the complaints they file to
reach him.  Why does he get angry?
Whom?  To Rae.  Ah, no, he's not a fan.
He wasn't crying about it.  No,
why would I call him a monkey?  Ah, I
thought it was him.  I thought he was
saying that you're calling
him a monkey.  No, the devil goes with Messi.  I have
fans.  He came to defend Messi, he didn't
come to defend himself.  Ah, well,
imagine, he came screaming at you, right?
You say monkey, that I don't know what, that you
mess with him, that such, I mean, but he
loves him, but he loves him.  I love that it's like this,
because we need someone like that in our group who wo
n't keep quiet.  We
all agree that it's all Gibel's fault
for giving importance to the Raed.  No,
damn Gibel.  Leaving Uruguay in a bad light,
apart from Yal Cabrera.  XD.  Those in the
discussion group in general at the beginning, okay?
Hey, they've been sucking up to the
bad guys forever because they're
against Dallas and all that [ __ ]
, right?  They've been hanging out
with the wigs, the wig over there on
the chat and some of them have a
chat a bit like this, you know what I mean?   They have
given him Coba and now they are suffering
in their relationship with them.  They gave
everyone the cold shoulder.  They paid attention to everything.
Hello, Javi.  What day is today?  Greetings
from New York.  Kiss, Roger.  Well, like
every day, right, friend?  So, what
day do we have for peace?  Aren't they a bit
like that, I mean, they're suffering the
consequences, but you think this
kid was straight or the wigs you
think were very straight?
This is like when they were saying
Legun Pasa that the people at SS Conexión
are not junkies and Legasa was
promoting that company where they
promised 300% profitability.  I
mean, you don't see them coming to the SS
Connection, it's not noticeable, it surprises you or
I didn't expect at all that these people
were going to give it to me.  No, man,
of course not.  They are people who
clearly see that they are not healthy.
Theatrical.  Javi x Gibel.  They are
black bulls, the skull and
crossbones wigs.  Gibel.  The thing is, he's a
manipulable person; he lets himself be carried away, and he's
quickly convinced of one thing and then
another.  Psychia, whatever, but
we needed it.
Good afternoon, can you hear me?  My group.
Yes, yes, it gives quite a lot of mane.  Look, I'm going to
be honest.  The fact that you say my group
makes the group a little cringey.  From the
group.  Well, from the group obviously,
damn, he's there every day.  Come on,
come on, come on, come on.  It's not there.  Wait a minute, wait
a minute, let me tell you, I have to
go back for like 15 minutes.  This guy
is talking [ __ ] about R, he's not
here.  Javi reacts to the forum by gossiping, please,
urgently.  Oh, that has to be something I ca
n't see, right?  A kiss, a kiss.  That has to be something
that I can't see.  No, thanks.  Let's
see, just that, I didn't even hear
anything, I mean, I wasn't there and I have to
go now for like 15 minutes.  Don't talk about what
I would like to talk about because I
was there, that's why I wasn't even there
.  Maybe there is one thing.  No, of course,
Electra, and it's not with you.  No, it's not
with you,
Electra.  Sorry, sorry.  I'm going to
mute myself.  The guy, eh Red, came and insulted
two people here, and those people can't
defend themselves because Raed left.
So, how does it work?  Do you want me to
whiten it?  I bleach it.  No, I don't ask.   I
ask the, I mean, the guy came,
insulted them and you can't say answer him.
That I wasn't listening, that I wasn't there and
that I have to go for another 15 minutes.
I'm busy.  I didn't hear anything, then I
listen to him.  He wasn't there.  He said he
heard him and didn't believe him.  So what I find
strange is that I don't believe the role of
I'm a stranger, I didn't know anything and out of
nowhere I find out everything.  That seems
totally untrue to me.  Let's see, also Fran
Cuesta, he himself says, "He knew everything about
me. Est, he can destroy me."  A kiss.
And now, in order to validate Chile, everyone
says, "He knew everything."  So Fran
Cuesta was right and told him everything and
he can destroy it.  So if he knew
everything, why is he only getting offended now
when we're fighting?  And another thing I
find really funny is that the
guy says, "No, if Javi Oliveira attacks me,
I'm going to kill Franest."  It's
like, why?  What does that have to do with anything?
Well, let's see, I think it has to
do with the doxing issue, because now I think
Chilo was doxed, right?  But what does that have to
do with anything?  Exact.
As if to say, I fight, I fight
with the hairdresser.  I mean, if Andrés's story
criticizes me, I'm going to leak the whole
thing.  As I have already given this explanation
on the main channel a
while ago.  These people are bullies, okay?
Uh, and as stalkers, what they are, uh, what they
want is to isolate the victim, whether it
's me or Dallas or whoever, okay?  And their
goal is to sink me,
isolate me, kick me off the internet,
leave me without a job, without
anything, okay?  What's going on?
Well, for example, I go to the TV, okay?
Well, they're trying to bother Iker Jiménez,
okay?  Look, let the mystery ship take
that illiterate man, who has been judicially convicted
of lying, insulting, humiliating, in other words,
bothering Iker Jiménez so that Iker
Jiménez doesn't bring me on his show anymore
when it's a topic that doesn't suit
them.  I mean, I go to Iker Jiménez's show
because Iker was... this was
because of Fran when he was arrested, okay?
When, I mean, this is how they hit each other every
day, look, this is how they profit from
Fran's arrest.  The canine, uh,
cryogenized, right?  Check this out when I go
to code 10. React by gossiping or I'll
stop being a member.  Well, that must
be interesting, huh?  VFX, if you want to
send me screenshots by email,
collect some screenshots of some topic,
because otherwise I don't think I'll even be able to
enter.  I don't know how it will be.  Look,
here Dallas and I were going there at code 10,
okay?  To talk about Fran and the controversy he
had with the capybara, the other one,
the other thing.  Well, and they were bothering
four and Code 10 and Nacho and Bap
so they wouldn't call us.  Okay, look,
here you have it, okay?  And bothering and
pressuring the child's advocate,
okay?  We've done several
interviews with him on the main channel so he
doesn't give me any more interviews.  These are
stalkers, that's all.  Well, Vito
Kile got it done too, right?  That
is, they start chasing people
so that they don't work here.  And this is being
explained earlier on the main channel.
This, this harassment often gets through,
right?  Because?  Because there are people who do
n't give a damn.  For example, Fran has
continued to hang out with us and
all this is happening to him for hanging out with
us.  Look, I actually have a click
from this afternoon of Rae eh, admitting
that this is so.  Okay, this is Javier Urra.
Look, Javier Urra has come to the
main channel to talk about Anabel
Pantoja and to talk about what happened to the
Badajón crime, okay?  So,
Abito Kile, we were talking about
politics, okay?  They go after every
person, every TV show
we go on, every brand, every guest we
have, uh, or people.  So, there are
some, some will get it, that's the
bad thing, some won't, many.  There will be many
YouTubers who don't want to come or who don't
want to mention us or collaborate with
us, all because they're afraid that
if they don't come, these harassers will
extort them, post intimate photos,
as you've seen, right?
They posted sexual videos, right?
Frames where you could see the girl's tattoo
, right?  Clear.  So, if I
get together with this guy from the internet, they're going to
catch me, they're going to persecute me, they're going to
take audio recordings of me, they're going to take my
family, they're going to take intimate videos of me,
sexual videos, right?, of my partner.
Of course, that's what they're doing,
they're harassing you to isolate you, so
that you don't collaborate with anyone, so that
no one will collaborate with you, so that
no one will grant you an interview, you know?
Meddling with anyone's work is
crossing many lines.  It seems like
a lot of lines to me, but I don't give a
damn about a pedophile who made
pedophile comments about my daughter.  The
forum is public, Javi, your thread
too.  Well, you have to go in, you have to
go in.  Remind me another day when I'm
calmer.  VFX, remind me.
You know?  There are many people who
will be impressed by this.  And look, everything about Fran,
well, look what I was going to tell you, right?
Eh, the objective.  Mm, who sent me the
audio?  Pili, damn.  What was the click?
Who sent me the click?  Lili, you?
Who sent me the click?  Ah, Salome.
Salome, Salome.  Good night.  I'm going to
sleep deeply affected by the
racist insults directed at my friend Diego
Mejiergas.  Raed 2025. Monkey face.
A kiss.  Listening to this, I remember
that at the beginning of discovering
all this, another person who was
stalking me was telling Fran, Fran Ranaway,
Javi Oliveira, hey, open up, open up
to him, hey, go on your own, open up.  And
he's done the exact opposite, man.  He has
done the exact opposite.  I mean, look
how bad what Fran did was, right?   He
has done the exact opposite.  He has
continued to hang out with Javi.  Clear.
Because?  Because when Fran is with me,
we have a program that has a large
audience, we've made videos that have
millions of views, we've done, Of course, they
don't want to, they want to sink me, they
have a goal.  Some, for
some the target is Dala and for
some the target is Javi.  So,
what the bullies do is they
also shoot at the environment.  Fran,
Runeway, don't hang out with Javi.  And he
has done just the opposite.  And that
affects you, it's
harming you, isn't it?  Of course, you
are tripping us up
in our goal, which is a dirí.
Of course, because because of you, maybe there
are programs that have a lot of
views, there are live shows with a lot of
viewers, so no, no, we're not going after
you, we publish your intimate content
, okay?  We're coming for you
completely.  How do you qualify
Electra's defense of not speaking ill of
Rae if she's not here?  It was what ignited
the war between her and Gibel.  That's why it
was important for you to see him, especially
because Mejergas went to talk to
Gibel's ex.  If you want, I'll skip to 7:15 at
night.  At 7:15.  Well, if he
hadn't made that decision, perhaps
Laerlén wouldn't have been bothered
and wouldn't have conducted the investigation
that ended up in the Spanish newspapers.
So there's cause and effect,
right?  Cause and effect.  What did
seven tell me?  What seven or so did he
tell me?  I mean, they're telling you.  I
mean, with Fran he doesn't give a damn,
like Fran killed all the animals
in the sanctuary, like he set fire to the
whole savannah and burned the
ostriches.  The problem is that Fran is
collaborating with Javi and Dallas.
So he's a very respected person, he
's a beloved person, whether you like it or not,
now Fran comes out and supports Dallas, and that's
very bad for their narrative against
Dallas, you know?  Now Javi goes
to Thailand and makes a series of videos and I'm
going for 715, do you understand me?  I mean, all they have
is the ongoing harassment instead of
going to the truth that this guy has been
deceiving all the people with many
things to profit from the animals.
We said it.  Oh, sorry.  19 15. Okay.  No,
those have been around for a while.  I mean, they're like
from 2000, like 4 years ago, something like that.
Which one did you delete?  Did you have them pinned or what?
Yes, I had them fixed.  Well, I haven't
checked if he has already deleted them,
but supposedly they told me that he had already
deleted them, but he had them
pinned there as he said trips, right?  And there
it said Gel and well that's what I read.
But I... That's what I wanted to know
if it was public or not, because they wanted to
put you on the same level as Dallas and
[ __ ], but I didn't see it that way.  No,
no, he's not a man.  Of course, you're not
going to see Peluca like that.  You see everything perfectly and
surely the wig will
now also be defending Chi from having
contacted Fran's daughter.  Oh, that
's clear.  We already know your opinion.  I
mean, a new song comes out tomorrow and before I even
see the new song I already know your opinion.
Public is public.  The stories are public
.  I didn't contact her yesterday.  I
just wrote to him yesterday.  But look, look.  I
didn't contact her.  I wrote to him yesterday.  Look at
the stories.  I didn't contact her.  Yesterday.   I
just wrote to him yesterday, but no, I
mean, the stories are public.  But
it's true that you invited her to your live stream
to talk.  Well, if she did
decide it and taking into account that
Gbel says that he doesn't have any
problem with anyone because he, once
when I was in my Javi, I mean, he comes
from taking things from whom they come, from
a pericore simply, I mean, he is
the defender of the hair sniffer, that guy
in private, well what he asked
Olivita he judged her breasts.  He defends
that guy.  He would stay up all night talking to
a 13-year-old Pambisita
.
Oh, really, Messi, man, eh,
really, pathetic.  Whenever you want, I'll
engage you in a debate and bring up your
conversations with girls.  Whenever you
want, okay?  You're not going to have the guts,
just like you didn't have the guts when they
faced you in Mexico and you had to
stop talking about Ari Gameplays and
Greev.  Okay, whenever you want we can talk
about pedophilia, okay?  What I talked about
with my Salsería Info group,
everyone in the Salsería Info group knows, and
when I mention it in public,
no matter how much you want to spin it,
okay?  There's nothing shady going on.  Okay, Laurita
was talking here in the chat, just like
Lina is talking, just like Lola Lailo is talking, and I don't
know how old each of them is, okay?  I
mean, you're a pedophile who makes
comments about 13-year-old girls like they should get into
porn or what you
said to my daughter, right?  The other day,
right?  Where do I have it?  Do I have it here
or not?  I put it on the
main channel.  You are a pedophile.
Spin it however you want, give
anything whatever tint you want, but you are it
.  And that's why the Dala caught you in
the debate and you ended up the way you did.
You were left as you were, sunk in the
[ __ ] [ __ ] of being the gossip channel with the
most views to what you are
now, which seems like little more than a
poriosero.  Whenever you want, we can meet
in person, not because you don't have the
balls, that's very clear.  You're
not going to get out of whatever position you're holding onto, you're going to be
clear about that, okay?  We'll see each other someday
in life, life is very long, okay?
But the one who, when you want,
shows you everything that is yours, when you want, I
show you everything that is yours.  Come on,
you're already a pedophile in public. The only thing you're
doing is making sexual comments about a
13-year-old girl.
Telling a 13-year-old girl that she
has to dedicate herself to porn and you
promote it and call her Argentina is
crazy.  Of course you're a pedophile, of course you are
, of course you are.  Wherever you
want, I'll tell you.  Okay.  Debate.  How
are you?  Bye.  Hey, I have to watch more of
this later.  Stop, I want to
show you the best cover the
guy made. I uploaded it at the end.  Oh, my goodness, the
gay gathering.  Oh, my goodness, the
gay gathering.  Oh, Virgin Mary, the
gathering, dude.  Oh, Virgin Mary, the
gathering, dude.  Oh, little Virgin.  Oh,
little Virgin.  Oh, little Virgin.  For me, we have to
have a discussion versus the
other podcast.  It would be cinema.  So that?
To give them a viewer to what they don't have.
By the way, Gibel, the other day they
sent me a Clio because I called
Messi Verga a pedophile, "Now eat Messi
Verga, Gibel, you're always the same,
man. Do you want to act like the
neutral point? Don't pay any more attention to sick people,
man. Don't pay any more attention to sick people,
really, I don't know how to explain
things to you guys anymore, man. I'm a few years
older than you guys. I see them coming all the
time. In the end, you always end up agreeing with me
on everything. What the [ __ ] are you doing
insulting me the other day? Because I
told Messi Verga what he is, really.
What the [ __ ]? And now you were there,
giving him the same thing. You can't
please everyone, man.
We don't bring the dead back to life, bro.
Charity is done on Sundays and it's giving
food to churches. There's one
named Jos Salsin. Could it be the monkey? Oh,
my little Virgin, the tertulia. Oh, my
little Virgin, the  gathering. Oh, Virgin
of Sochimilco. Oh, Virgin, the
gathering. Gy. Oh, Virgin, the
gathering. You know when Messi,
verga, made the first pedophile comment
about my daughter, Gibel.  What
Messi Berga was doing was spamming
your chat room, okay?  They
sent me all the screenshots, okay?  And
they were some chats where you were talking
about me.  I don't remember what the topic was
or what you had going on with me back
then.  It was a discussion about me,
okay?  And there was Messi Verga in the
chat spamming, spamming, spamming,
spamming, because he's been dying to
collaborate with you on the chat show
since you created it, and then
your followers come to me,
right?  Javi wants to get along with
the discussion group by collaborating.  Why am
I going to collaborate with the terul?  What do
I want to contribute to the discussion?  I mean, if we
were smart, the talk show or a
program, a live debate would be held between
people who don't think the same.  A program
with six or seven contributors who are all
going to think the same, well, no.  Okay,
if I go up to the gathering, the gathering
doubles or triples.  I
have no interest in this.  I only have my
live shows here every night.  Look,
there are 3000 people today.  I don't need to, you
understand?  I don't even go after anyone
to get anything.  No way, I don't need
that.  It's absurd.  Now, why should I get
along badly with people who are
unnecessary?  No, we have had differences
on some things or whatever, but if
at some point I have a cordiality
with them, it is not because I go with no
because I would not enter, but I would not enter.
Because?  Well, because sometimes
they make comments that are uncomfortable for
my colleagues, and I wouldn't be comfortable in a
place where they're calling
my colleague a hair sniffer, okay?  Simply
because of that.  Now, in terms of being intelligent and creating
content, what it would be is to
occasionally post debates in which
we discuss, one person has an opinion one way, another
another, and that would triple when, like
every time I've uploaded, when I've uploaded
to argue with the person from when I've uploaded, I do
n't remember what it was the other time
in a space, okay?  Now, as far as I'm
concerned, no, the truth is no, eh,
we're not very well located.  I'm not saying this
because of them, eh, they haven't said
anything to anyone, but because I've seen
followers of theirs on Twitter
saying things like, it's not like Javi is
interested in hanging out with the
talk show because he's crazy, why?  I do
n't usually watch them live.  If I
do it, I do it late.  I do my thing and
I have no interest in collaborating
with anyone.  I just have, I just have
enough, I mean, I'm the
gossip channel with the most viewers in all,
okay?  So,
those who say that are not in the right place, you know?  That's
not why, huh?  So, they
haven't said anything about that.  Okay, now it's
okay that they are people with
whom I have no problem.  What's the
need, right, to have a silly argument
with someone, like the Stuttering thing, which is
a [ __ ] load of rubbish.  The thing about the stutter is that
he's got it in his balls for
whatever reason or because he feels compromised
because he must have talked badly about me to
someone and now he wants to
contradict us or I don't know, whatever move
he's made, okay?  But what's the point of
having silly problems when one day
I might come up for a
bit to comment on a topic, or they might come here,
any of them, it's fine?  That's it,
nothing happens.  Okay, wait, I have
an interest.  Oh, my dear Virgin, I have an
interest in not being located.  That's
Chimilco.  Oh, my little Virgin is
Sochimilco.  The gay gathering.  Oh, my
little Virgin is Chimilco.  Mexiverga asks
a question.  What does it feel like to be a
channel?  And then the messi verga was
in the cha pin pin.  They were, I don't know, I just
don't remember what problem they had
with me, because I don't usually see the
whole thing.  Look, I saw the discussion on very
few occasions. I saw it, I
saw it, it was this Friday, for
example, because I was here
preparing, drafting a claim and
while I was organizing the
folders with the twins, I had them on
and from time to time I would write something in
the chat to Churel.  Um, but I don't
remember what it was, okay?  But they sent me
the screenshots, it was something about me and
Messi verga pin pin was in Cel's chat
to see if Cel would give him a voice, okay?  And
when he saw that these people didn't
invite him to collaborate, they didn't want to
include him in the discussion, right?  That his
interest is to revive his channel,
like the other two, let's see, they have been
trying to
revive their channel for many years, okay?  Him and those who get
together, okay?  And he started to raise the
bar, to raise the bar, because he made a
comment on a live stream that was
outrageous, that was a
pedophile comment about my daughter.  Look, if that had happened to him
, if he had been in Spain,
well, he wouldn't have had the guts to
do it.  You saw, for example,
the comment that a comedian made about
boxing, right?  What did the pjilato do?
He took his car quietly, okay?  He
went to the boy's show, the comedian's show.
And what did the comedian do when he
found it?  Well, the same thing would happen to him.  The
same thing would happen to him, as is logical and
normal, because it is a pedophile comment
about my daughter and I, for my daughter and my
wife, am capable of murder, okay?   I
mean, I don't think it's, I'm not going to tell you
anything like that, I mean, I'm telling you
literally, you understand?  I've already
had lawsuits filed by people who have attacked
my family, I've already had complaints, I've already
had them, I don't give
a damn.  And if I have to grab this
guy and pull out that orange hair, I'll
pull it out without any fear
or problem.  Because I don't think you
've understood that I'm not afraid of
anyone in this life, neither on the internet nor
in real life.  I mean, if I don't
get into someone's head, it's because I'm not interested, I don't feel like it,
or because it's a topic I
'm already tired of, you know what I mean?  But I am not
afraid or scared of anyone.  So, you
've given a guy the cold shoulder because
you've been kind of in a group because it's
a group, sometimes you get along,
other times you don't, other times, man, they're not [ __ ]
sick, they're on another level, they're on another level
of sickness, eh, man, pedophile and lame, I
listen to myself, I listen to Gibel, eh, well, no matter
how much I fight with, I've
fought with Gibel and it hasn't occurred to me to
make a pedophile comment
about the family, or the girlfriend, or
anything like that, who does?  The
sick, okay?  And just the other day,
just the other day when I said that to
Messi Berga, I heard Gibel calling me a
psychopath for trying to get in the
middle, to get, "What the [ __ ] are you
talking about, Gibel?" Man, what I said to
Messi, verga, is what it is and it's super
well said, very well demonstrated.  Is there anyone
who disagrees?  Nobody.  Damn,
are you going to say that about minors, damn it?
My clip creator, who only
uses content from here, has more
views with 6,000 subscribers than your
channel with 1,000. How does that feel?  Oh, my
little Virgin, the gathering.  Oh, my
little Virgin of Guadalupe, the gathering.
Hon culpas and a stratcho, I don't know what,
dude.  I love the meme of Oh,
Virgin of Sochimilco.  Oh, I
can't believe it.  God, no, that can't be
true.  It can't be so It can't be
so unsuccessful.  He can't be that
unsuccessful.  He came to my live stream to see if he
could get some followers.  Guys, 17
viewers between the two of us.  17 viewers between
the two.  17.
What is that?  I don't understand.  Plus.
I have to see everything you
sent me.  Look, I have things.  The
thing is, I don't know if I'll do it.
Separators.  17 viewers.  17 with me.  17
viewers between the two.  It's all a pity,
brother.  It's all pity.  It's all
pity.  It's all a pity, brother.
Seriously, with love.  With love, with love.
Seriously, with love.  With love.  With love.  With
love.  Oh really.  With love, with love, with
love.  Well, there are still those who
remembered that Messi Berga's media death
was due to his debate with
Dallas.  That's why that guy will
never again, ever again in his life, accept a debate, a
proper debate.  He will accept it with
other moves.  Okay.  Then,
check out these tweets from Gel eating
Letra.  Oh, Letra seems to me to be the
most pathetic thing on Twitter.  I
really think this is the most
pathetic and deplorable thing on
Twitter, honestly.  You know it's
ridiculous, but it's ridiculous beyond belief,
man.  Gibel Review has repeatedly
used Rapi's nickname to
discriminate against Venezuelans who
left their country for a better
future.  Oh, really, they are jokes and
then Gibel takes it and says, "
Bad Rapis."  Let them say that Javi Oliveira
would give his 11-year-old daughter to be
deflowered by the ISP.  Well, you have to
laugh on the internet.  Well, you called me a
psychopath, Gibel.  Okay, no
problem.  We all screw up.  And now
this, I don't let my spaces be
disrespected.  Yesterday, the
boy with anger issues was
instructing my friends and me for two
hours and the icing on the cake was
insulting Tina for a drawing.  He started
insulting Tina for the drawing.  No,
kids, what we have for today.  I'm
afraid it's going to be a long live today,
dude.  The mother.  I wanted to do a
short, three-hour live stream, but it
looks like it's going to
be long.  The mother's shell.  Today
I ask for one thing, a very simple thing.
Today I want, today I am in the mood to
humiliate.  What do you think?  That?  What do you
think if we humiliate ourselves today?  First of
all, I'm going to set a goal on both
YouTube and Twitch, which is 10 super
chats on YouTube, 10 subs on Twitch, just
to start humiliating.  Then we're going to
humiliate the birthday boys.
How many bananas did you give away or how much
tip did you give to the birthday people?
A lot, kangaroo, a lot today, a lot.  Today we
either humiliate Electa or leave her
out of the pack.  Today, what do we do?  Should we
put it in the pack or leave it out?
Peruvian gibcito cost.  You are the
clipper for whom they are slandering me.  You
are the clipper.  Thanks, fat girl, for
feeding me.  That seems fine to me.
Peruvian Gibelcito.  I worked because of you.  Son of
a [ __ ].  It was your fault.  Debate.
For those who don't know the context, yesterday
Ryed, Rapy Token and Mexi el changuito
verga came to my live to pester us
so I would upload to their channel to debate.
Do you know what we did?  We laughed at the fact that they
had 16 viewers and continued watching
our own thing.  Oh, my little Virgin is 8000. I
'm going to say it again, okay?
Taking advantage of the fact that there are 3,000 people,
I think we need to have lights,
okay?  Hey, it happened to me on the
main channel today, and it happened again here
a little while ago, okay?  Anyone who comes here to
spam other live streams, other
channels, or whatever, will be banned.  Do you know how
sometimes it seems like you have
less brilliance than a pirate ship?  I don't know if
you, I don't know, it's just that I imagine you, I
imagine you at the door of
McDonald's, at the door of
McDonald's, in the line, saying, "No, no,
no, go go for the burger, go
for the burger that they're giving away I don't know
what."  You have things that often, I
mean, they don't make sense, right?  I'm warning you
now so that if you find yourself blocked,
banned, or something like that,
you know what it is for.  Today, kids.
Guys, Tina finished the drawing.  I want you to
see the art of a great artist.
Oh, my little Virgin of Chapulísimo, the rat
that is forbidden, Pambi.  Oh, little midge of
Chapultepec.  How much are they going to cry with
this drawing?  Let's remember that it's
this doll's birthday.  Girl, this
girl is art.  Happy birthday.
This one is very friendly with these people.  I'm
ashamed to be Venezuelan with such
people from my country who
are so stupid and a little
crazy.  Nothing, but click here, I think
this guy will end up locked up, I mean, I do
n't know how a
person like that is free, I mean, I'm not saying this in a
derogatory way, I'm saying it logically.  She
is not a person who behaves well in
society, but if she is a very good friend of
ours, what's the matter?  And artists are
quite delicate and believe themselves to be
untouchable.  The girl has come here
several times with some airs of I don't know,
manager or I don't know, bodyguard of
Gíbel or the other one.  It was projected, wasn't it?   That's
what she does with Raed and her
friends.  Projected projected.  One
projected in a cinema marries the film.  Yes.
To interrupt, to make
rather annoying comments.  So she came
that day and Rad and Tommy were
having a normal debate, talking like that.  Instal
says one thing, the other says, "Normal."
The girl arrives, suddenly interrupts.
Well, uh, let's go.  I don't know who has arrived at
Discord.  Uh, yeah, he told him to
leave because the truth is that Tommy
talking to these people was wasting
brain cells for nothing.  It's the best thing he did.
Hey, let's go, we came here
because they were calling you an
idiot and we don't have to
be here debating... No, no, no,
no.  They were insulting us.  No, don't
downplay what ride the ride the
token does.  No, let's not start belittling
a third party who isn't playing dumb.
Then R, who obviously hadn't
said anything to him, gets upset and says, "Look,
but who are you? Were you up to such and such?"  I
mean, and if I wanted that, it didn't happen.  So, that's
a fabrication.  An invention.  When was the
live talk show?  I was saying
that they are idiots.  We came in like a
fool.  Israel.  I was saying that they are
some idiots from the discussion group.  We came in
for that, didn't we?  To debate about the life
of a third party we have no
idea about and the kids don't even know.  Well, yes,
they are [ __ ].  If you wanted to know how to give your
opinion about the ownership of your
shitty drawings.  They are idiots.
Your old man is a [ __ ] piece of [ __ ].  If that was what it was,
But Tommy didn't say anything.  But
why is he lying?  Why are you lying?  Terrible
liar.  Then she asks why
people call her a liar.  Tommy, the Tommy
News, this is a person who has
an absurd hatred for Raed and he has had an
absurd hatred for Raed ever since.  But this, but
this girl sees how Raed treats people.
This girl sees how Raed treats people.
It's Raud's bleached pet that's
hitting hard.  I started giving
Ra a voice because I like him, because it
seems to me that his struggle is this, what is
this word called?  It's a bugle.
That?  their struggle.  Look, the last one who
published a book called My Struggle Is
No No No was not the good one.  It's correct
because what he said to Red is not
normal and what Red has done that
I don't like his ways.  I've always
told him so, but that's his way.  That's it.  CL
is important.  That's ok.  What do you
think about Andy dosing people like it
's the most normal thing in the world
every time he streams?  But every time you
open stream.  But he has done it several times
.  What Andy Andy, do you have a
hobby of doxing people every time they
stream?  What do you think about that?  What do you
think about Franco poisoning
dogs and cats?  What do you think about that?
That he destroyed his
ex-wife's image because he didn't like the fact that she
had a relationship with someone trans.
What do you think about that, Tomy?  I don't
care what you think.  I'm
asking you because you think it's really bad
that I agreed to get along with Ray because Ray
is rude.  So, since you don't
swear, you are spotless.  I don't know what
you think about Ana telling him
that he deserves to be blind.  It's a
bleacher, but also very
pathetic, huh?  It gives me such a cringe you
can't imagine, man.  It gives me such
a cringe you can't imagine.  Please indulge yourself on
WhatsApp.  It's not my problem, it
's not my I mean, he's talking to Tommy.
What do you think about R suffering
so much, huh?  What do you think about how bad
the review is?  What do you think of Frank the
Animal Killer?  Tomy, Tommy News,
the girl's Instagram, please, she
caught me with my hand in the churro.  It's
rude, it's rude.  How rude.  Ray,
poor thing.  My [ __ ] son.  I'm not your
manager, I'm nothing.  What do they talk so much
about forms?  I mean, look,
Electra, this hypocrisy of my ways,
that if the ways, what are the
correct ways?  So, being racist,
being xenophobic, telling him I'm going to mess with
Gibel for being Uruguayan and with Tomy
for being Bolivian.  Those are the
forms you want.  So
I say to him, "Yes, yes, indeed, yes."
Aguibel, Yuwoki is just as serious as
what the monkey Mexi calls vergas.  Yes, yes.
You're messing with me for being white, okay?  Obvious.
That is, white people cannot suffer
racism.  I feel very offended.
Racism hurts me, you understand?  Today I
go to sleep disappointed.  I'm going to
bed disappointed tonight, brother.  Today I'm going
to sleep disappointed because it can't
be.  I'm going to sleep disappointed.   It
's just as serious that I'm
making a personal attack on him.  That's what
I'm saying, my friend Mexibi, that they
talk about your ways because
you're explosive and all, but they
're making fun of you every day,
making miniatures with monkeys, putting
monkey sounds in the bathtub,
making Mechi look like a monkey,
making you look like a rapi.  Oh,
poor thing, poor thing, huh?  Poor thing,
eh, the miniatures they make for him, they
dress him up in rapid, eh?  Poor thing, huh.  The
truth is that it's humiliating,
humiliating, huh.  What a shame, huh?  Poor
Ra, who is dressed up as a fast-talking
Raed and who has thin skin like Mao,
no, they are a bunch of hypocrites who
have no sense.  I'm so disgusting,
Dallas is completely disgusting, Javi, man.  I mean,
this is this, imagine, uh,
registering as self-employed and doing this.  You don't
even make sauce.  You don't deal with
gossip issues.  What it's all about
is Javi Dallas.  It doesn't make
any sense, man.  I can't wait to see him in
the game, man.  But, but Elecra is
defending a guy who literally
openly accused us of the worst
things in life.  Seriously, he's
defending a guy like that.  I, look, I
reached a level where I can't
believe it, putting wigs on I don't know what,
this one, making fun of the laser, making fun of,
damn, why do they have that double?
Why are they so hypocritical?  And if they don't
like spaces and if they don't like
Red, damn it, they don't get so worked up
about the numbers they have.  To say
a thing.  That is, you are bothered by
the forms of RA.  You don't
mind people justifying this
Mr. Franco doing everything he
does.  What does it do?  What has
Fran Cuesta done wrong?  What does it do?
Look, not elected, the difference is that
we can criticize Fran Cuesta.
You suck Red's balls like he
's someone important.  People who
look like three-year-olds.  That is, they call him
beneco and rapi and I was there for three days.
Bonus,
all day.  Yes, in fact, I'm going to do it.   I did
n't want to do it.
[Music] Let me
clarify that I'm putting this song on
because I really like Bruno Marme
because he's a fan of Shotutsu Kaisen.  What the
[ __ ] did you send me, man?  You have opened my
DMs.  Good thing I was
there fast, man.  Let's see what you're going to
send me, man.  People who threaten to
close other people's channels.  That doesn't
bother them.  It's all day.  Let's see, Electra, I'm
going to show you what not what
People who threaten to close the
channels to others, Electra said.  And
the other one was in front.  And the other one was in
front and said that with all his might
and the other one stayed calm and
quiet.  It's too much, man.  It's
too much, man.  I wanted to show.  But
well, it's time because there's a
moment when he says, eh, you, Gbel, what you
do is you say that you're going to
close the channel to R to Token, eh, to Mexi
Vergas because they're going to attack you.  Well,
Electra, it's time.  It's time I
showed you, because curiously Elecra
never sees anything.  He never sees anything.  I
find that very, very funny.  First,
the 7-day thing is like criticizing Mexias, who
gave a person 7 days to
release their video.  And now I'm going to show you
why I say I'm going to talk to the
K authorities. Look, December 23,
2024. You don't know
Twitch policies.  You don't know why you put my
live on your channel.  Yes, do you remember
when I told the people in the discussion,
follow me, guys, follow me.  Electra climbs,
but by the book.  I'm going to bed.   Upset.
Javier pathetic.  I think
Florence 50 membership.  How strange it
appears.  They've changed this, haven't they?  It comes out
new, it comes out different.  Well, record it,
Wizard, and send it to me, please.  A kiss.  50
members, man.  How little, how little
we are giving the members a hard time, eh?
No, we're not giving it much stick, are we?
To the members, uncle.  We've got to
get a grip on that, huh?  If you
attack me in any way, you could
get into trouble with your channel, right?
I'm a partner like you, clown.
I look forward to seeing the clips.  [ __ ] coward that
even, I mean, this guy who starts
telling me, my wife about everything, I mean, he
starts directly to commit crimes on his
Twitch, he starts threatening others with
reporting them for speaking badly about him and they
send him here the Laurita thing, look, this
is an account that is a friend of Mrs.
Antonia, Curni.  I think Curni was,
ah, since there are so many, man, so many
multi-accounts and so many stories.  If
I'm not mistaken, this Curni account was, oh, I'll
tell you.  Do you remember one who
opened many accounts?  Cristian or
Christopher or something like that was Cristian,
right?  It wasn't Christian.  I'm talking
about a lore from 2018-19, because I think it
's the same, but I'm not
sure, man.  Do you see him here trying to
give a connotation to the Laurita thing,
which is how Laurita was a girl who was
bullied, okay?  Because it was from the
youth group and well, it was mainly for
visits and when they found out
that the girl was, I don't know if she was 15
years old, they started calling
the parents of the forum member.  Exactly, Faster, I
sent you the evidence of why I had
the po here and you leave.  I mean, if you want me to
talk, let's talk about
Laurita. It's a real shame what they
did to that girl, so you know, visit her.
Javi's lie.  Not even if you delete the
bot.  Your seals upload it to YouTube.
And if you said something inappropriate about me
on my channel, about me with my
channel on.  Cristian was It's that I don't
know if it's this same account, eh, I don't
want to say something that isn't true, but it
sounds to me like it is.  Get eh, Cristian was
one who made like 1000 multi-accounts,
that is, 1000 multi-accounts were made to
defend those people and in each
multi-account he put an offensive name eh
.  Once he uploaded a photo, for
example, of my cousin.  I have
a cousin who now has, uh, Alba
, I hang out with her a lot on my
Instagram, uh, yes, she's gorgeous.  And
you've seen her with me in the
wedding photos and stuff.  I think Alba is now
20, 19, I don't know, she's around that age,
right?  And back then, well of course,
we're talking about a long time ago
, I was a minor, I was whatever I was
, 13, 14 years old, whatever, but there are
photos with me.  I have photos
with her on Instagram, uh, I think it was
a photo of me with her on the beach.   Do
n't mind me, it's over there, isn't it?  And they
started, they thought she was my daughter, and she
looks a lot like my daughter, and they
started publishing my cousin's photo
as if she were my daughter and making fun of
something in yours.  Read Twitch's policy
, dude.  Here, insect,
keep saying that I'm lying.  26.
Here we are a mature person, right?  And I
am a child.  Thank you for your support and for
being impartial.  I mean, he wrote to me, he
cursed me, I never responded.  Good
here.  Thank you for your support and being
impartial, I really appreciate it.  I think
I was stuck because I got upset.  And I
apologize if I offended
you or your girlfriend at any point.  You look
happy.  So good for you.  I
replied, "Nothing's wrong, everything's okay,
Dad."  Now you understand why they ordered the
Electra Channels to be shut down.  Now you understand.
What Gibel?  It's that here Gibel, here
Gibel has said something silly.
So Ray told you to shut down your channel, he
threatened to shut down your channel, but you
spoke well to him afterwards and you were
talking badly about me.  After he
told you that he wanted to close the channel,
that you should be careful, you spoke
to him.  Come on, everything's fine.  I don't know what, I don't
know how much.  Why are you throwing it
in his face now today?  It doesn't make sense,
really.  You're reaping what
you sowed by giving these
people the cold shoulder.  They are sick.  You are giving him
balls, literal sick people.  Man, Pablo
has won again, you just won
another membership, eh, Pablo, today
Pablo was given a membership on
all my channels?  That you have everyone
who wanted to shut down my Twitch channel,
one of my sources of income at the
time.  There you have the people who
follow you, Electra.  Get up.  Yes. And the other one,
Meselga, also wanted to shut you down
and celebrated when you got banned.  They're
people who aren't
normal, healthy people, man.  I have fought
with them.  I mean, just take
any fight of mine with any of
them and compare it.  We can say this
desire, we can, but I know that Gibel is not
going to cross a line with me and he
knows that I am not going to cross a line
with him when I am fighting with him.
The Stutterer knows it too, the others
also know that I'm not going to
cross the line when those who did
n't want to close my
Twitch channel arrive, and then
Wizard says, "I'm asking for more members," that my
membership ended last week and
I want them to give me another one.  Do you think
Wizard is asking for memberships to
see if they get one?  Don't give away even one
more [ __ ] member.  He and Mexi Verga come out
and say that they didn't want to close it.  There you
have it.  But you know what happens, Electra?
You only buy into the version they
say, making them look like the good guys
and the ones who don't do anything.  Whatever
happens, Electa, you never find out about
things, you only find out about the things that
people
you don't like supposedly do wrong, but the people who are
here, curiously, you never see anything.  It usually
happens.  Did you see, Electra?  You said
the discussion group should be informed.
Next time you talk about a person or
that information and believe this person,
you should inform yourself too.  But
the ones with the stupidity are somewhat
unbearable.  Red, don't accuse us of
xenophobic comments.  Hey, we talked about
your classist comments.  When I
posted a picture of myself in my car and you started
posting stories and came to my channel
to curse me for the car I was driving and I
posted pictures with the cars you were
driving, "This idiot doesn't have the money
I have."  That is, xenophobia is bad,
classism is good.  That is, poor people
have no rights and it doesn't matter.  If you never
cared that you made money in a
way, well, Javier, I pay my
monthly membership to your channel with the three duros I
have and you don't give me a single photo of you in a thong
.  Give it a little more weight with what you're offering,
Javi's emoji grandpa, pregnant with the
mini.  Yes, well, that's true.  Let's see, I don't
know.  Yes, the truth is that I demand a lot and
give little, but hey, we're here.  No,
family.  Cryptocurrencies that
you were hesitant about.  I'm not saying that,
Laserlent and Cryptobruce are saying that
you're a scammer, and Dialox is saying
that you're a scammer too.  Hey, you
don't care about poor people, do you?  What do you
care?  You only care about getting
money from him.  You didn't see that either, did you,
Electra?  Yesterday I was on my
live stream responding, anyone
who called him a dog would be banned, their
comment would be deleted.  Anyone
who messed with R would take a bath
.  Because one has to be
responsible for the [ __ ] that is
said.  So, what's wrong with you?
If R is here fighting with someone, a
kiss sweetheart, I don't know Argentina.  You're
going to invite me, Paula, who's
calling him fast or fighting with someone who's
calling him a fight.  Why the
[ __ ] is his mother?  And I'm fed up, I
have to get into that problem myself.  It
's not, man.  Do you know what happened to me today?
Damn, I almost forgot to tell you.
The editor tells me Eclipse, they tell me, no, I
can't edit until tonight.  No, I
was going to record a Justin Bieber video
that I'll record now when the
live is over and Eclipse tells me, not until
tonight I can't edit.  I say,
well, I'll record it tonight.  I'm
going to go get some rays, I have
n't had them in days.  I get into the
ray booth and I start getting paranoid, man.  I
mean, you're not going to believe this, but
I have powers.  I have powers.  Okay, I'm
starting to get paralyzed, I'm in for 18 minutes,
okay?  18 minutes.  Here I stood, I don't
remember what direct I stood.  Oh, what did I
wear?  I don't know what I put on
someone's live, I don't remember and I start to get
paralyzed in the booth with the
blackout, okay?  And I start to think that you
imagine that it explodes because there is a
short and the cabin explodes here inside
with me inside.  A kiss, Paula.  I
invite you and I kidnap you.  Paula, I don't know if
that encourages me much.  Over there in Latin America, eh, I don't
know if it's better to kidnap myself in Spain,
okay?  Holy [ __ ], racist, not right now,
not racist, I'm going to end up totally [ __ ]
and I and I and they start paranoid with, can you
imagine that now there's an explosion, I don't know,
with the light,
with the electricity, I don't know, some kind of
thing like that, right?  And this starts, that one and
Jesito and Jesito, don't you have the don't you have
the key?  I mean, can you imagine if
this thing starts going boom and the
ray booth explodes?  Well, anyway, it's just
my thing, the paranoia and suddenly, you won't
believe it, the
spotlights do what they do.  Boom, man, the lightning lamps
go boom.  But I also saw
a flash and since it has
speakers with music, it sounded like a
popping noise.  If you could see me, I came out
of the booth naked, the jump I
made as if it were, well, as you clowns know,
these music box clowns
, that I came out like this or that, God
bless me.  And I also think I've come out
with my balls stuck up my
ass, I mean, [ __ ] myself.  Oh, that's another
account, okay?  I [ __ ] on my [ __ ] life.
What a hell of a scare, kid.  I mean,
what?  And the fuses had blown with
these electricity ones and it's all over the place.  I mean,
in Seville there's no internet on the streets
yet, man.  I [ __ ] on my [ __ ]
heart life, man.  God of my life.  But I
was also thinking about it, right?
Because I say, do you imagine I know?  It
does like, you know, this thing about the rise of
lucum pa and it explodes because of the rise in
electricity.  Okay, so imagine if
suddenly you didn't have
power, right?  Well, all the
power hits the cabin at once, all the
power that wasn't there on the peninsula,
boom, in the cabin and I burn.  I'm going to scratch it, you
know?  I [ __ ] on life.  When I
noticed that, it was a warning,
it said, well, I have 8
minutes left from the booth that I
owe, I don't know if I should give it to them.  I don't know,
what do you think? Look, because, of
course, it's probably because the fuses
blew and the point booth went off
, but of course, since the speaker
went off and these people
did this, I curse my [ __ ] life, I
swear my balls have gone
inward, I mean, I've had the operation
that I was going to say, now we're continuing
here.  My [ __ ] problem.  Yes, it's your [ __ ]
problem when you say that in your
spaces people respect and there's no need for
respect, and you were here for four hours in
your space where you were supposedly not going to
allow insults, where you let them
insult us and say all kinds of things to us.
That's your problem, your problem when you
act like a person who sets order and respects
and you let that happen.  Gibel said, Gibel
said that he didn't say that to Mexi Vergas
because Mexi Vergas looked like a monkey.
Wizard says, "But ask for members, Churra,
I want to be touched, I'm not going to ask for
members."  What do you think of all the
things Javi Oliveira does?  What do you
think about Javi Oli inciting
people to look for photos of
Ricky Edit's girlfriend when she was a minor?
What do you think?  Forgive, forgive,
forgive.  What do you think of all the
things Javi Oliveira does?  What do you
think about Javi Oliveira
inciting people to look for
photos of Ricky Eddie's girlfriend when she
was a minor?  Go [ __ ] yourself,
[ __ ], you're a
[ __ ] clown.  What the [ __ ] are you talking about,
you idiot?  That was in a debate with
Ricky Eddie, which turns out Ricky
was humiliating Lizy because they have the
Patreon, right?  The photos are
erotic and it turns out that Ricky, who is
not only bothering Lizy, but has also
bothered Machavala for taking those
kinds of photos, turns out to be the girlfriend, it
turns out that the girlfriend has those kinds
of photos, okay?  I'm not picking on
the girl for having those kinds of
photos, I'm picking on him because he makes
fun of girls who make that kind of
content, okay?  And he took it and said to me,
"Oh, but it's been a long time, I
was a minor."  We were like,
"What?"  I mean, something like that happened.  Okay, but
I'm inciting.  I mean, you're a [ __ ]
ridiculous [ __ ] clown.  The extra
is what you are.  I am inciting
someone who sees photos of a minor
idiot.  The pedophiles you have
there in your space do that,
[ __ ].  This is a piece of [ __ ],
man.  All [ __ ] day long slandering and
telling lies, the stupid girl.  What do you
think about Javi Oliveira revealing
the name of a girl who wanted to remain
anonymous?  What do you think about Javi
Oliveira thinking it's normal that Dala
took a 15-year-old girl to have
sex with in a hotel because it was just a few
kisses?  If the girl is about to
turn 16 and he was 19 or 17 or
20 or 18, whichever was
closer in age, there's nothing wrong with that.  What the
[ __ ] is wrong with it?  It's been
like this all my [ __ ] life.  Surely many of you here have
been with your partner for three years.
Damn, with the ridiculousness.  He's
telling it as if a 40 or 35-year-old guy were
hooking up with a 15-year-old girl. Paula, a
kiss.  What a bunch of [ __ ] ridiculous people
I am.  Bunch of [ __ ] ridiculous people.   Defamers
.  The girl was 16. I don't
remember if she was a week away from
turning 16. I don't remember the
story.  I have a
whole conversation with that girl plus the girl,
well, I wrote down what she told me.  There
you have the videos.  I said it the other day
that we're going, but they're telling you
as if it were a guy in his 30s
who wants to take a 15-year-old girl, a
boy who was 20 or 19 years old.  The
Dallas.  What do you think about that?  What do you
think about Javel O Lira defending
Dallas as if he wouldn't be there tomorrow, given everything
Dallas has done?  What do you think about
that?  Oh, really, that's good.  Oh,
really, what a ridiculous,
pathetic woman, what a creepy thing this
woman gives off.  I mean, imagine if you grab
a person here in the United
States, if you grab an
African American, right?  And you tell him,
"Look, you're a monkey."  Hey, but
you know what's wrong, Red, I mean,
calling Bexberga a monkey, you get
really offended, don't you?  But laughing at Ibai, at how his
eyes were and how one of them was droopy,
you knew that Ibai has a
vision problem, did you know that?  I mean, you
're laughing at a disease.  Eh,
even worse.  Gibel, Ret, you're such a [ __ ] fake
liar and change your jacket and change
however the [ __ ] you can, okay?  And in the
live broadcast when Dallas was making fun of
Divos, you were following
Dallas' lead and then when you argued with
Dallas you started saying that you made
faces and that you defended Ibai.  A [ __ ] piece of
[ __ ].  A [ __ ] piece of [ __ ].  You were
pissing me off, Dala, but come on,
as if there were no tomorrow, as if there were no
tomorrow.  Come on.  Well, but
with Fran he started saying, "Oh, Fran, I don't
know."  You offered to pay for Fran's
sanctuary or make a
cryptocurrency donation or a large donation.
Fake.  I think it's more serious to laugh at a
person's illness than to laugh at
someone who looks like a monkey.  The truth is that it
seems more horrible to me, but hey, these
things happen.  Why are you
telling me that?  Because
selective memory and, well, Electra, I didn't
see that.  I didn't see that.  Hey,
the Dallas video
with this puppet laughing at a person with
a disease has almost a million views.  I imagine you're going to
spend 4 hours blaming Red. No, keep
doing whatever those
[ __ ] channels want to do.  They have nothing else to
mess with Mexiverga with.
He's got [ __ ] red hair, bro.  With
Mexiverga we can mess with whatever we
want.  We mess with what we know
pisses him off.  Because then we
have you crying for 4 hours and unlike
you, we come here and
monetize ourselves and make good money
with you crying for 4 hours.  All you
do is cry for a channel
where no one will see you.  16
spectators.  16 viewers who have been
on the internet for 14 years.  What a shame.  What a
shame.  Tell him he looks like the Joker,
that he's the Mexican Joker.  Tell him whatever
you want.  Why do they have to
keep telling him he's a monkey,
brother?  So, until when and
why do they have to normalize that [ __ ]?  And
why are these shitty platforms
becoming more and more entertaining, that they
really don't even inspire me to do live
streams on this shitty platform or give money to
this [ __ ] platform?  Gibel's reaction
to what Mexi said about your daughter.  And
Li is on the channel.  That's right, Gibel
Reviews.  It is a black bull.  He is a
black bull.  It is.
wanting to report me to KCK and Javi came out
to defend me.  A black bull.   It
always was.  You always
were.  You always were.  40 54. Let's see,
there are more people.  What do other
people around the monkey think about the fact that they
call gas monkeys?  No,
no, he didn't call them monkey.  No, fire, friend.
Fire, my friend.  Friendly fire, [ __ ].
[ __ ], they think they're famous.  You believe it and
well, congratulations, brother.  You have
12-year-old children there.  Excellent, brother.
You're a superstar, dude.  They're going to
give you a [ __ ] star on the
Hollywood Walk of Fame.  Yes, you are the
biggest star on Twitch.  But not
content with making personal attacks.
The top 30, remember it's the top 30.
It's the top 30. Top 21. I went.  Imagine,
imagine if I had said, eh,
10 years ago, "I'm the 30th
Spanish-speaking troll. Show your badge with 100
views."  I mean, who claims to be the
30th of something?  Just a failure.  That's what
Yuwoki boasts.  If you're number 30 in the
entire country or number 30 on all of
Twitch, that's not bad at all, right?  Because if
Gbel is 30, you are 30,000.  I mean,
so you can see the level, my channel is dead,
dude.  You haven't even reached 5%
of what I have achieved.
Bush fart.  You haven't generated on
your [ __ ] channel dying of pedophilia, you
haven't generated 5% in
the entire history that you have on your
channel.  You haven't made 5% of the
money that mine has in a
single year.  In a single year, in the entire
history of your entire [ __ ] channel.
Watch out, success, kids, success.
She's saying that while crying.  1
million subs, 800 views in 5 hours.
This is going to hurt you more than it hurts me.
A clip channel has
the same number of views as you in half an hour.  19k, 11k,
7k, 12k, 10k.  That's it, brother.  You're
dead.  So, no, you can't talk
numbers with me.  With me.  You can't
talk numbers with me.  He says, "I'm going to
set a goal for my kids."
Now you're making me look bad.  I'm going to set a
goal for my kids in an hour.
Okay, we visited the sun.  In my 28 years
of life I have never seen a video of him.  A
kiss, claqui.  Okay, from now on,
new goal, visit the sun.  Okay,
all you're going to see from now on
is a tour of little animals.
Can you pass me the Vale,
I'll walk them and this is an S what we
're looking at now, okay?  Visit the
sun.  The entrance fee is a super chat of
criticism and opinions, too.
Let's talk about Messi's number,
Chango, that's why not.  Who is he going to take
for a walk?  He doesn't see anything.  It's a hallucination.   He
was amazed, he was amazed.  Javi Oliveira
doesn't think it's quite right that Dallas,
for Javi, hasn't done anything wrong.  Lip
has done nothing wrong.  Those who criticize him
are evil.
some bullies, some criminals, some
inmates.  So, if LCP has
a Patreon with this, how do I say it?  With
specific details of what he
wants to do with girls, well I
just made the analogy, right?   I
just grabbed a minor and made a
pedophile comment.  It's just a
simple correlation that if Javi
defends them so much, then he would
n't mind putting his daughter
in there.  That if I defended him so much I wouldn't mind it
.  That's disgusting, man.  I mean, it's
not just something I can beat
up on him, it's something I can beat up on
anyone who crosses paths with him in
Mexico.  Anyone, man.  And
a lot of people have said it, right?  I mean, what pedophile,
what index finger up?  And G still
called me a psychopath the other day.  I'm going to the
zoo.  A hug, Javi, from Chile.
A kiss, a kiss, friend.  These are the
people you are with on the other side.
Every day I am more proud and it doesn't
move me from being on the
opposite side of you and all of you who
are on that side.  Every day I get more
proud, I really tell you.  You
are the ones who are reporting the one, the one who
sniffs it.  How nice the zoo is.
The gorilla monkey is beautiful.  You're the ones who
go around calling someone else a hair sniffer, I don't know
what, I don't know how much.  Disgusting.  But
who the hell is this new character?  No, it
's not new, it's just that they've already done
away with it.  He was beaten by Dallas in a
debate.  You are playing on the edge.
There you played on the edge because last
time you were playing on the edge, says this
clown, this guy, the wigs, okay?
This is what's going to happen to him, he already cried
on a live stream because I called him stupid,
okay?  Being a harassment account,
what's going to happen to this guy is that one day
he's going to get doxed, for real.  Let's
dox.  They're going to say their name, they're going to
put their photo up, and everyone will know who they are.
And that day you will have a crybaby, she will
cry.  You don't see how much of a [ __ ] stalker he
is.  Yeah.  Interesting thoughtful face
he has.  Yes, yes.  It's a comparison that, well,
yes, what would you think if that
happened to your son? It was the same day that
he had the audacity to call me, that's
why no one complained to you, but now
that time has passed, well, it's time for you
not to do it because they're going to start
crying about it, I mean, we would fall into their
game.  What a baker, literally a [ __ ]
baker.  You need to call a professional,
all I see are rodents.  A kiss.  He's
messing with Javi Oliveira's daughter,
who's about 10 years old, saying he's
going to deflower her.  Lizy threw that pedophile
Ribel.  He really threw that away.  Well, the
bread basket falls.  But here someone said,
someone someone said no with the children,
brother and with R's nephews. Yes, with
the children.  Yes, yes, yes.  We all said
with Ryen's nephews, didn't we?  Of course,
of course it was said.  As it could not be
otherwise with the
children I
am with, but here someone shouted.  And someone
said no with the children, bro.  Well yes.
Of course, of course it was said.  All
normal people said it.  We said it.  Go away,
handsome gentleman.  Bright heart.
It's a fight, damn gay baker.  With the
children.  I said that I don't like people
messing with anyone's children.  Just
as I defended R with you.  You are a mother and you
have a pedophile in your space.  The
letter is already waking up.  Don't humiliate yourself anymore.  And
so much shame.  Your nephew defended you
with your daughter.  Greetings Javi.  I defend
myself when they mess with my children.  Well,
the thing is, when I see
something wrong, I say it.  It doesn't matter who.
I would like everyone to be
like that.  Hey, I'm just telling you
that I thought that comment was ugly.  There you
go with the thing about Well, I have my
reasons.  I have my reasons.
Greetings, Javi.  A question, are you the
tour guide or the tamer?  We don't have the
budget for that many positions, huh?  I
take care of everything.  We ran a campaign for about
three days condemning what
Don't tempt me, Javi.  S t a l k E r
is my passion.  You have your reasons, but
you mess with people who can't
defend themselves.  Mess with Mess with
them.  Me too with him.  Who is
this [ __ ]?  Who is this [ __ ]?
I have my reasons.  Yes, yes.  We
already know your reasons.  Dangerous crazy woman.  Busty
Messi dick.  We know your reasons.   I'm
messing with him, dude.  Don't dare
slander anyone who doesn't open his
mouth too much.  That doesn't open its mouth
too wide.  If not, I'll answer at his level,
[ __ ].  At my level.  No, no, no.  We are
wrong, monkey.  We are very
wrong, aren't we?  You are very wrong.
You shut the [ __ ]
up.  Don't start with the insults,
please.  Kque wanted me to donate because I
wanted to say something.  What, please, eh, what
do you mean?  How disgusting, friend.  Hey, how
disgusting.  It's just that, eh, his
reasons Lola, Lola and his reasons are
that he is what he is.  Okay, but that's
just for everyone who's
sharing the space. I hope the
zoo does have monkeys and monkeys.  A kiss to
Mauri.  Well, for a moment 15 super
chat.  Let's talk about numbers.  Let's talk about
numbers.  And that's just it, man,
everyone around him
sharing space with him and directly
with him and everything with him, what?  I mean, what?
You're going to have the balls to tell
Fabi the jungle.  Let's see that
spitting cobra.  Disgusting.  Well, first of all
, yes, I mean, this thing about children, I
mean, I mean, yes, you are bringing in a child,
Mexi.  And of course, Javi brought in
Ravi's nephews, what?  What, man?  He's
making excuses, trying to come up with something
to excuse himself.  No, no, no, no.  My God,
my children.  That's a lie.  He previously locked up
a minor.  He previously doxed a minor.  What are
you saying?  What are you saying?  You can't justify
your pedophile comment.  So you're just like
him, then.  No, no, it's not a lie.
My son, Pavila, it's a lie.  Wait,
wait.  That's Merxbera, if you
complain about him doing something and you
do it, you're just like him.  No, no, no, no.
Let's see, even if I had put it
here, it wouldn't even cross my [ __ ]
mind, okay?  Even if I had posted
a photo here, I'm looking at Twitter and you can
see a photo of the kid,
okay?  From Rae's nephew, because
I'm like, "Look, I'm such a jerk, I'm going to put
a picture of your Facebook here, okay?"   it
still wouldn't be a pedophile comment.
She said in a space with Raed that her
ways were not the best and
Raed scolded her like an owner and she lowered her
head.  It was in one of these
Peruvian Kibel extracts, but I don't remember which one.
Yes, yes, yes.  One is very tame.  They went
looking for ammonia from the past that even
God forgot them, LOL.  Because he doesn't care what
comes against us.
They don't care what it is.  Until that one.  Come on, I'd be
pissed off to get together with that guy and have
collaborations with him.  Come on.  If I
were a son of a [ __ ] who doxes, it
still wouldn't be a pedophile comment.   I
mean, imagine if I go and say,
well I'm an [ __ ] and I'm going to do here
like I'm going to post a photo of your
nephew here, I'm going to be crazy and I'm going to
post it and it would still be an [ __ ], a
pedophile comment, it's not the same.
What Messi has is his mind like that
.  That's the difference, and not
even because the first thing that was done
here when we found out about
R's nephew was to condemn him,
obviously.  But apart from that,
these people have been extorting money
last week with an intimate video of a
person who is not part of this show.   They
are literally the same garbage as what you are
doing.  No, so you're the
same, aren't you?  Guide the children first
with Rick.  But you're doing it anyway,
aren't you?  Yes or no?  Let's see, what do you think
about being called a pedophile, dude?  N.
Well, but I wouldn't say it to the person who needs to be
told, I think Gibel says it
as if following his logic.  I still think
you're right.  Yes, yes, yes, yes.  He's already
saying it as an example, but my son,
defend it better.  You mess with me and you
called me a wife beater, so I
can tell you whatever I want then with
that correlation, Javi, not with the child.
I mess with whoever I want when he
opens his mouth. It's not that he's a
specimen that if there isn't one you have to
invent it.  Hey, a kiss, a kiss,
Florencia, thank you very much.  I don't know
why, I don't know if it's because of the minimum, I
have no idea.  I don't know why I don't know why
some do, others don't.  Say whatever
you want, [ __ ].  The Baker's Defender
.  Look, he's defending his
children, which is the most normal thing to do.  It's the most
normal thing.  No, no, I'm not defending Javi.  I
mean, I mean, no, we're just telling you
that it was wrong and since what if he tries, no,
calm down, don't defend Javi, okay?   It
was just wrong and that's it.  These are the
[ __ ] shits that then have the
balls to say to my dog ​​Dallas
because I tell the truths that no
one else dares to tell and try to
argue logically and not like a
bully, okay?  Then, oh, it's a dog, it's a
dog because he whitewashes Dallas and
when he goes to criticize Dallas he doesn't do it the
same way he criticizes Gref and they're
all like that, they're [ __ ].  They are what
they are.  Exactly, Juan Mesa,
any person with dignity would leave
SPI because it would disgust me to share a
call with someone so
completely disgusting.  You can avoid doing something
like that so that he doesn't. But he doesn't
mess with his son either, don't say that
either, I mean,
because the idiot is limiting or limiting
.  I don't think so, I don't think I got into that
because I'm pointing out an
action that one analyzes but it's at the
limit. Let's say that everyone has their own opinion.
But let's see, what you said was that
Javi would offer his daughter to the Patron
of law, right?  And what does
Javi's daughter have to do with the word?  What does
No, no, no, no's daughter have to do with it?  You would have
thought the same, Rae, when you did it too
, wouldn't you?  Messing with my son, are
n't you?  Threatening him, aren't you?  Or with my wife,
who also has nothing to do with you
and me.  Coward, then you see me in a
space and run away.  By the way, you're going to get
a gift in the United States, huh?  I hope they
throw you in jail
already.  What are they?  No, no, no.  What does
Javi's daughter have to do with it?  What does it have to do?
God, what are these?  Please continue
moderating.  Electra, a kiss, Florence.
I do read you, sweetheart.  Thank you so much.
Well, look, we're done, in 5
minutes let's talk about numbers.  In 5 minutes we are
already halfway to our goal.
We do what we want here.  Please continue
moderating.  There will be keys, daughter.  Don't
use her, use her daughter.  No, because the
baker from Seville wants to, but he
can, uh, leak it to the nephew of No, he can't,
and that's why we're canceling it.
So if you do something similar we
would also have to cancel that it
is not similar.  They understand that we are not
telling them that they did it.  Do you understand or
not?  We're saying that they're at the
limit of being able to do it because they're
putting in the word son and the word.
Damn, it was based on Gohan Super Sayin 2.
God.
is transforming.
Includes children regardless of
who they are.  And yes, bro, you're insinuating
something sexual with Javi Olivera's daughter
and she's like 12 years old.  Because here you
're not making a meme about someone
who doesn't exist, you're focusing on a
real person and using them as the basis
for your mockery.  It's understandable.  He is not a
pedophile.  But why not say the
real word, which is pedophiles?
No, pedophiles, no.  At once.  Look, the fact
that she has more ovaries than Electra
is something to behold.  Calm down, calm down.  Damn,
I like fighting.  Bravo, bravo.  OK that's
fine.  I respect someone's opinion
, but I said what I said
because if they open their mouths, well,
that's how they'll be answered.  That's the I
think I'm not defending Javi Oliveira.  He's
an idiot because this, what do you say?   He
promotes people who do things and
worse, I mean, he does a lot of stupid things and
a person who does a lot of stupid things
doesn't recognize them, to me he's an
idiot.  Sure, sure, I understand that.  It
affects you that I use the word
Rel, doesn't it?  Also no, it doesn't affect me.   I
'm telling you that they're going to give you
weapons to attack us.  That's why they're
going to give them weapons to
attack us, you know?  Because of course,
really, what disgusting people, what
shitty people.  I mean, they must be
in the [ __ ] filth, in the [ __ ] corner of
the internet plagues.  They are what they
are, man.  I mean, look at those who
share space.  It seems ugly to me
in that context, because for example,
man, it's a pedophile context,
wigs, it's okay that you find it ugly,
right?  It's a pedophile context that your
children are going to be
ashamed of, and so on, what they've always
cried about.  Well, in the context of
any context in which you call me a
pedophile, I also consider that
ugly.  Ah, no, no.  I know, but we're just
giving you our opinion.  But
obviously if he tells me that, I don't know
how.  Ah, but a question here, a
question here.  What is the comment?
Mexi's comment is a crime and
Javi's comment is a crime.  Which
of the two is a crime?  Javi's.  Yes.
None.  My comment, no crime.
A kiss.  So I invite you to
emphasize that they are not
defending you.  A kiss, Edgar.  I invite you to
report me to Messi Verga wherever
you want.  I will explain to the judge
why I told him that.  Whenever.  I'll
give you the address, okay?  I do
give him the address and the ID and I will show
up.  Well, actually, I usually go for
the lawsuits, even if they don't
arrive at my house.  Hey, I usually look for
lawsuits and go to court, not like
everyone else.  Javi is a slanderer and
Mexi is not.  It is an analogy to the
egg licker that Javi from Exacto is.
So what what what is the debate
here?  But you are not a judge.  Well, but you
can do it too, damn it.  We can't.
What's the [ __ ] debate?
Javi Oliveira tweeted that they should
throw my 3-year-old brother out of
a second-floor apartment.  What the hell are they
talking about here defending the fact that
they threw my little brother out of Javi Oliveira
?  Javi Oliveira tweeted that they should
throw out Raed's nephew
.  That happened.  No, that happened.
Obviously they're going to throw my
3-year-old brother out of a second-floor apartment, brother.  What the
[ __ ] is going on?  Obviously, but they have to
justify themselves.  They are speaking here
defending the baker.  Look, also,
also, let's see, what's the problem?  No,
no, in Javi's mind, right?  Hey, Dallas
is a saint and Lysipe is a
saint.  So what would be the
problem?  They should put it on the Patreon of
the person he defends so much, man.
Total pedant, huh?  Total pedophile.  What a
nasty guy, dude.  What a
nasty guy, huh?  To burst.  It's not
that I'm not going to hit him, it's that
anyone is going to pick him up, anyone who
crosses them.  In Mexico it happened to him, in
Mexico they made him delete videos and already from
several people for this type of
issues and for others, uh, I mean, he should
tell what happened to him and why he
couldn't criticize Ari again for a
while, that he didn't have the balls to criticize
Ari for a while.  Let him tell you, just
because you're on the internet, the other
side of the planet doesn't mean
someone won't grab you and
hook you.  Come on, no, but the advice you
're giving is pure saint.  I
mean, uh, Javi always says, "Oh, Dallas
has suffered. Oh, Dallas has been harassed.
Lip laser, laser, laser."  I think
Javi Oliveira's daughter is 11 or 12 years old,
boy.  I mean, no, don't
justify it, it's wrong.  Spot.  No,
I'm agreeing with Javi that
since he defends them so much, he should put
his daughter in there, since there's no
problem.  So, indeed, the
monkey sometimes seems like a donkey, he just says
stupid things.  Yes, of course, but because it's on
the other side of the world.  They are good
people.  Because you're agreeing with him
.  Well, in Javi's mind, I
put myself in Javi's perspective.  In
Jav's perspective.
I put myself in Javi's perspective.
You daddy Mexi vergas was already continuing to
turn because I am Mexican and I
have seen firsthand how well all the
cancer, right?  That Mexi could become,
and right now it scares me a lot,
right? That she's gaining relevance,
that it's true, cancer is winning her over
.  But this person, this
person, let's see, cancer, what
cancer?  Expose expose youtuber.
You expose,
you.  It's coming, it's coming.  It's coming.  I mean, he was
cursing Javi Oliveira's children, he
didn't say anything and he comes out here and says, "Kique,
Kque, Kque."  No, no, Electra is
Electra.  Electra's is
a disgusting drag, huh?  No,
Electra's is terrible.  No, Electra's
is terrible.  He didn't say anything when they were talking
about Javi Oliveira's daughter and now he comes out
saying it's not terrible.  Exposing
[ __ ] is cancer.  expose, expose
the [ __ ] of a cancer, right?  Exposing the
mistakes of YouTubers
is a mistake, isn't it?  Just expose me,
tell me this.  Exposing YouTubers' mistakes
is cancer, yes or no?  Oh
ok.  Ah, well, well, well.  Ah,
well, well, well.  He won't let you talk,
dude.  The guy is talking to him as
calmly as possible and won't let him speak.  Moderate
Electra, moderate, moderate Electra, moderate.
Making fun of K's leaked video. That didn't
happen.
Yes, it happened and more things happened.  A
kiss, Roman.  Passed.  Yes, it happened.  Of course
it happened.  And worse things happened.  And
worse things that the scoundrel leaked and
intimate content of girls and a lot of
things.  Guys, this guy got banned
from the internet for something really serious.  Leave.
But he threatened to return.  Fly back.  No,
we still have a lot of time left, right?
I'm going to look at some things around here.
Caeli's video exists, it's on Twitter,
don't go watch it.  Modere Electra Moder.
Yes, yes.  Dude, it is what it is.  And now they
're putting things on Uncle Shlan to get
this click that I've seen and I say that it
has a bad click, you know?  I mean,
the wig, right?  That is, the entire
gang of harassers who are evidently
defending Messi Verga and that group.
Okay, this is a controversy that this gentleman is commenting on
in his own article.  If you don't
know Dala, what you might think is
that he's just your typical
old-fashioned Buscabulla (busy-guy) walking around with a knife, well,
using a machete to attack people, and very far from
reality, I think that most of the
times he's gotten into
some kind of controversy, especially the
last ones he mentions here, have always
been to defend or respond to certain
criticisms that had been made of him in the
past.  What do you think?  Well, it
might seem a little intense,
perhaps, since too much time has passed
for these kinds of things to have to be
made into videos.  Well, that's your
opinion, but I think you have
every right to answer them however you
want in 25 years.  It's
completely the same.  And the truth is that it
scares me a little to see newspapers
like in this case the one that is a
sports newspaper.  Man, kiss, Paula.  Of course
it happened.  Look at it.  Don't show us any more
fingers.  You already did it well in your video.
Look what he says here about another
leaked intimate content.  It is what it is.   He
is a criminal.  He's a real
criminal, really.  I mean, eh, the
people who are collaborating with this
guy and who knows, and the worst are the
people who know, because even
those who are new are arriving,
the new Spiderman is good.  Look, this is
done for Caeli's fingers, right?
Mocking Caeli.  Watch his video, not
leaked.  I wouldn't say it's the most
read newspaper in all of Spain, but it is a
pretty serious sports newspaper
, so to speak, or at
least it has quite a few viewers.
Added to this is the fact that Movistar is also
sponsoring this article,
considering that there is a clear bias in
the comments made here that are
not included.  And what's wrong with this
wig click?  So, you don't
think anything the people
you hang out with is bad.  This is bad.
An old southern cli defending
Dallas.  Why have they defamed her in some
media?  I don't know what the deal is.  A
comment from Uncle Shur, "I just watched
a Das video and saw you commenting.
Well, the occasion calls for some good
boups, really."  Oh, it's too bad
Uncle Sh liked tits.  Better
that he liked the tits of a
busty Argentine, right?  That's right, isn't it?  The
wigs that the southern uncle liked the
boos so-so, right?  That they liked the
nope better.  The no for of
busty Argentina.  No, you do applaud that one, don't you?  The
wig.  All of you who are with him,
really, deserve the worst
repudiation on the internet.  Tits.  Oh, the
south guy put boobs in a in a in a
title of a Windy Gear video.  Oh, for
God's sake, but how are you going to relate the
word tits with Windy Gear, for God's sake,
how crazy.  What madness, for God's sake.  Some
tits, no.  Mom, upload the video now,
I want to squeeze the chicken, Windy.  No,
look, he has his needs.  But what
scares him, right?  It was the
things that seem horrible to these
people.  Riku and photos of his Iku and photos
of his documents leading to
these alleged conversations,
again, I repeat, compiled in photos and
videos.  It does one standing up lying down because it
takes a process if you want and a
nice obligation to sort out this whole issue.
Supposedly, Dallas also encouraged
the minor to go to Spain with him.
Several other testimonies appeared
after this one accusing Dallas of
similar things, one of these leading him
to trial and photos of his documents
leading to these alleged
conversations.  Again I repeat, I
think girl what you blame
Dallas for, right?  I ask about pornography.  Ah,
look at you.  Well, he had a future.  At least he
had a future.  No, it's the same girl
you're blaming Dallas for, isn't it?
Asked.  Uh, I don't know, it's a simple
question.  As you mention
Olivita here, Olivia, Olita de Mar, then she
says, "Holy crap, eh, crazy dangerous, such."   Of
course, I see here that the
girl is called crazy and dangerous and such.
So, Mexi, do you really want to play
a moral war with me?  Seriously,
now we're going to be like, "Oh,
man, you're a racist."  Mexi, you have some
absolute nonsense on the internet, man.
Absolute nonsense on the internet.
Why, Tesa?  Tesa says that the PR is not playing
.  Pass it to me, Bilo, pass it to me.  South
defending Dallas.  Regrettable.  I'll have
to defend Mexi Vergas eyes.  No, no,
but come on, it's just that I'm amazed at
what they see as a scandal, a guy
from Uncle Sur defending Dallas like we
're going to defend Messi, damn it.
Well, in this case it must be said that it was
bad timing.  I know there was nothing, but
I wanted to put that argument forward.  It was
just bad timing.  Yes, yes, it was bad
timing, wasn't it?  Yes, yes.  No, it's not a
pedophile comment, okay?  It's just bad timing
, really.  Who are
we arguing with, man?  Who are
we arguing with?  That was in 2017 and
it's from a deleted video.  And this AKC
Critic is also deleted or do
I have Matrix powers here.  This one is
also deleted or it's here and what have
they come up with, ready to put your
daughter in it? What is it?  I think you
'd be willing to put your daughter on
Ly P's Patreon. And what was
LC P asking for on his Patreon?  Girls to
deflower, send me intimate photos.  I'm
horny.  I am Lipete.  You're such a bad
father, Javi, that you'd be willing to
offer your daughter to her because you spend your time
defending the lip.  So,
what Pedas says on his Patreon with the
girls, you see it well.  So you're
just one step away from offering your
daughter there, right?  Instead of throwing her a
15th birthday party, a 15th birthday
, you say, "Lipe gave you my daughter
on your terms."  LCe, if you
want to lose your virginity, if you want,
my goodness, man.  My goodness.  But I say it
clearly.  My goodness, man.
My goodness.  He is 14 years old.  14 years old.
Pedophile.  I mean, no, no, I
'm not agreeing with Javi that
since he defends them so much, then he can
put his daughter in there, because there's no
problem.  So, they are indeed
good people there because they are giving the
r.  Well, in Javi's mind, I put myself
in Javi's perspective.  From
Jav's perspective, I tell you, Cel, there are
worse comments on his live streams.  I
believe it, but since no one sees them, we
take it as a joke.  This
live, what would it be like three days ago
?  We take it as a joke,
but nobody sees them.  If not,
imagine this.  This one should be
banned, but nobody sees them.
Pedophile.  I mean, let's see, if there is
n't more of that, I think, I want to
think that the other day when Guibel
told me what he told me after I
told the truth to Messi, verga, I
want to think that it's because of him because he doesn't
see it, nobody sees it, nobody sees the
atrocities that he says.  Well, they're
giving me the entrance to the SO, okay?  Thanks
for your super chat.  18 to go until I'm
50, family.  You can come in,
okay?  But basically it's that no one
sees it.  What Cel is saying is that we are not
going and they are not saying it in all its
words.  A pedophile comment.  There is no
more.  Damn, you're attacking the father,
you're sexualizing.  What the [ __ ] are you
talking about?  It makes no sense at all.  What the
[Music]
[ __ ]?  oh